When My Love Blooms
Is it loyalty to your colleagues?
Or what? Is it your sense of justice?
Why on earth?
Because I learned from you.
That the losing side, is our side.
May, 1994
Good riddance.
Police
So is the show over?
Episode 4
I heard that you gave the direct orders for this forced dispersal.
That's why I told you to get rid of them earlier.
I was planning to have a formal negotiation today
to create a history that we've followed procedure.
For formality or whatever, why would you have a conversation with them?
Why are you doing things you normally don't do? Do they have something on you?
It was a decision made while thinking of public opinion.
So you're afraid of malicious comments. Are you a celebrity?
Thanks to you, I became more famous than any average celebrity.
Economic crimes, corruption, tax evasion.
An unrivaled son of a bitch who does all the dirty things.
So now, you don't want to be called a son of a bitch?
What, you want to become a refined hunter?
If I was a hunter, I wouldn't have cornered the rabbit in this manner.
Most of the people are housewives in their 40s and 50s.
If you push them too harshly, there will certainly be a backlash.
That could happen.
Come back here tomorrow morning.
I think you came to ask me to save your face, in your own way.
There's something I have to think about too.
Do you not have a husband?
I do not.
What about your parents?
They're not around.
Do you not have a guardian?
I am my own guardian.
That's your opinion.
So you don't have anyone to guarantee your identity, is that it?
You won't be able to leave today.
Even if you had a guarantor, you wouldn't be able to leave today anyway (due to a criminal record).
Investigate the truth on Gwangju's massacre!
May 1994
- Oh, scary.
- Investigate the truth
on Gwangu's massacre!
Let's hurry and go, we're about to get covered in tear gas again.
Let me go see Sunbae.
How can you? It looks like they're going to throw tear gas soon.
Today is 5.18, it's a big event, so it should be alright.
(5.18 = May 18 Gwangju Democratization Movement)
You must be crazy.
Head back first.
Yoon Ji Soo!
Investigate the truth on Gwangju's massacre!
- Bow your head!
- Look down!
Lower your eyes!
- Hey.
- Bow your head!
- Don't look around!
- What do you want to do, rascal! Hey!
Do you have a lighter?
What?
If you have one, hide it.
If they find a Molotov cocktail on you, then you'll be imprisoned immediately.
Lower your head.
- Hey.
- Lower it!
Lower your head!
What's your father's name?
Your father's name!
Yoon Hyeong Goo.
Geez, this is stuck.
Where does he work?
Where does he work!?!
Seoul Central District Prosecutor's Office.
You lie so meticulously.
Why not just say he works in the Blue House (presidential residence)?
He does work there.
What's his job there? Head clerk?
Director of the prosecutor's office.
You're a complete wacko.
I was going to bring your daughter to you...
Forget it.
Not now.
Later.
Illegal protesting, obstruction of business, obstruction of justice.
Wow, your track record is quite colorful.
Is your job to be a professional demonstrator?
What does being unfairly dismissed and charged in the past have to do with today's protest?
If I've been dismissed before, do I need to stay silent when being dismissed again today?
The employer who did the unfair dismissals is the one at fault.
How is it the fault of the laborer who was unfairly dismissed?
Why are you being like this, between us pro players?
I've seen enough slippery eels who get fake jobs for the purpose of fomenting these uprisings.
Anyway, just stay here quietly, Ms. Choi Seon Hui. It looks like this will take a while.
Yoon Ji Soo is still inside.
There are people who left because their guardians came.
But those who have a previous record or other problems with their personal information are in the detention cell.
You don't know what the problem is with Yoon Ji Soo?
No, I don't really know about these details.
I realized I didn't know anything about Ji Soo.
What classes she's taking, who her friends are, nothing.
That's right, you punk. There really is a problem with you.
Is demonstrating some sort of high-ranking job? Why must you sacrifice everything around you?
Yes, this is Today's Books.
Yes, President Kim.
Ah, we haven't confirmed whether the book you have ordered is in stock yet.
Yes, I will call you as soon as that book comes in.
Yes, goodbye.
Hey, go and call my beeper. Something's got to be wrong with it.
Your beeper has done nothing wrong.
You're the one that's wrong.
Just give up, graciously.
Didn't you hear? Her father is the director of the prosecutor's office.
What if he hands you a 10-year sentence?
And you saw it, didn't you? That snap, speed, and grip.
That flawless full-swing slap?
Pshh... whack, whack, whack.
So he finally goes.
What a relief.
Sleep well, Ji Soo.
Sunbae!
How can you just leave?
Give me your shoes too.
But you have really big feet.
How do you know?
Your footprints in the snow.
You're so high maintenance.
And you're so affectionate.
Your feet hurt don't they? Let's switch shoes.
Ji Soo.
I don't like war films.
Well, of course, I hate wars more.
Why are you bringing up war films all of a sudden?
Whether's it's the general or an officer,
the main protagonist always relays commands while standing in the middle.
On the frontline, the nameless infantry take the bullets,
and even if they are lucky enough to survive,
the enemy general falls without a sound, from a sword or a bullet.
But no one in there deserves to just be taken down by a gun or sword.
Before they fell, they were all the main protagonist in their own lives.
Even though it's just a film,
the idea of humans being used as tools or regarded as trivial
is something I really don't like.
Humans should never trample on another human for any reason.
That is another reason why I am doing demonstrations.
And although I am not religious, I do believe there is a God.
And that is why I believe that humans are all God's children.
Ji Soo,
to God, every human is a finger that hurts when it is bitten (every human is precious).
Don't let anyone treat you poorly.
Even if it's your family.
Because you are a very precious
child of God.
You really have big feet, Sunbae.
Is that why you have such a big heart?
Shall I go take a look one more time?
Let's just go.
Yes.
You're doing things that are out of the ordinary because of that woman, right?
Whenever you do something strange, that woman is always there.
She could be the reason since it does bring back memories from the past.
About what I used to believe was right, in the past.
It's not as if they're an organized labor movement.
It's not as if they're using strikes as a weapon to threaten the company.
Most of them are someone's mother or someone's grandmother.
They are just like you, or just like our mothers.
To just forcefully sweep them aside is not the answer.
So what I wonder is, why did you become so soft?
Why did you change so suddenly? You're scaring me.
I may change even more, you never know.
What does that mean?
Because I will be making choices that are different from the ones I made before.
But why are you doing that?
To become happy.
So what does that mean?
So you were not happy until now?
I'm just talking about my beliefs.
But isn't it the same thing?
Why are you confusing me by using complicated words?
Never mind anything else, but that woman,
I've got my eyes on her, so just know that.
Family Member of Chairman Jang of Hyeong Seong Group Discovered to Have Many Bank Accounts Under False Names
I will release those,
so you will have to take responsibility for this and take care of it.
Can you do it?
What kind of responsibility do you mean?
Since the statute of limitations is over,
usually, taking some curses, and paying some taxes would be enough.
But on things like tax violations and stock trading violations, and whatever,
some cases of criminal affairs still remain.
Why? Scared that you will be bitten severely?
No, I've come to develop quite a tolerance for these things.
I'm sure you would not like to see me or Seo Kyeong go to prison.
No, I wouldn't.
These borrowed-name accounts, they are all mine anyway.
Briefly transfer them to your name,
and once things quiet down, I will transfer them to Seo Kyeong's name.
Don't worry about the taxes that come with the nominal transfer, or anything financial of the sort.
Yes, I understand.
But who do you think leaked this to the media?
I believe that Director Hwang Hak Soo manages the borrowed-name accounts?
Yes, he's done that for a long time.
But it's not Hak Soo.
I think it'll be important to look into who has access to it, apart from Director Hwang.
I'm going to summon Hak Soo to investigate this matter.
You look into the movements of the executives and the shareholders.
Yes, I understand.
Oh, and Seo Kyeong said she is concerned about something.
I told you to play around a bit, but you actually played around?
This silly girl,
she may seem like her eyes are wandering, but you are the only one for her.
So wrap it up, and comfort your wife.
I cannot stand to see my child cry.
Aigoo.
- Let's go.
- What do we do?
Let's go.
- Let's go, let's go.
- Let's go eat soft tofu.
The detention cell is the same as prison.
Eating tofu doesn't work, anyway.
(T/N: superstition - eating tofu will keep you from returning to prison)
You, really. It's not like having "earned stripes" (criminal convictions) is an honor.
It is an honor. At least no one takes me lightly.
How did you get out?
You even have a "medal" (criminal record), so it must not have been easy.
The company said to release everyone with a warning, so they can begin negotiations again.
Then why did they arrest everyone if it's not to scare them?
Yes, I am a completely different person.
I am unspeakably selfish and materialistic.
And those temporary employees protesting right now, I will mow them all down.
It's weird.
What is?
Sunbae Jae Hyeon.
He said he would mow them all down, then he said he would negotiate.
Even yesterday, he seemed flustered during the forced dispersal.
Then today, he let everyone go.
I don't know if you know,
but Hyung Jae Hyeon doesn't have a good reputation.
They can't believe that he used to demonstrate. Whenever the alumni meet up,
they are always talking about Hyung Jae Hyeon.
Eighty percent of it is cursing him.
Of course, they could be jealous of him being the son-in-law of a conglomerate,
but the old Jae Hyeon never would have thought of becoming the son-in-law of a conglomerate.
It seemed like his father's death had some influence on him back then,
but I don't know the details of what happened.
For a person, to change is the same as what the big bang was for the universe.
Even so, you didn't change.
Even when, like you said, your world fell apart like the big bang.
Sorry, I didn't say that to hurt you.
But talking about Hyung Jae Hyeon did make me flare up a little, that's all.
Yoon Ji Soo came out. The others have also been released with a warning.
May, 1994
What are you going to do about our Ji Soo?
What do you want me to do about it?
Are you asking because you don't know?
You know that she likes you, Hyung.
Why won't you just tell her if you like her or not?
Yeong Woo,
actually, I'm dating Ji Soo—
She keeps following you around like a zombie.
Don't you even feel bad for her?
Why are you being like this?
What did I do?
If I draw boundaries with Ji Soo, what are you going to do?
What do you mean, what will I do?
But she doesn't look at me.
She doesn't look behind her or to her side but keeps looking only to the front.
That girl is as steadfast as Joan of Arc.
What is this?
Is it something like Pandora's box?
I hope the negotiation goes well.
What about you? Are you thinking of reinstatement?
I found a job.
Really? That's good.
Not as a contract worker, but a full-time employee, right?
Ocean Music School
You said you would come yesterday, how could you change the meeting on the same day?
I'm sorry. A situation came up for me yesterday.
We can't overlook things because of personal situations.
This isn't a place where we deal with children, we deal with their mothers.
If you come even a minute late or teach them for a minute less, we get calls from the mothers immediately.
And they request schedule changes all the time.
Yes, I will be careful of that.
Also, you can never tell the mothers that you dropped out of college.
Yes.
You said you would organize and clean the academy as well.
- Is that right?
- Yes. I'll work hard.
Hywong Swong Mart Reinstatement Applicants List
Kim Ji Seon, Kim Seon Woo, Kim Na Yeong, Kim Jin Rae, Kim Sin Hee...
Yoon Jin Seo, Yoon Ji Seong, Yoon Ji Yoon, Yoon Ji Yeon...
Yoon Na Jeong, Yoon Na Seon, Yoon Jeong Yoon, Yoon Jin Seo...
I saw that you didn't apply for reinstatement.
No.
Is it because you're uncomfortable with me?
I found a different part-time job.
I think you need a stable job. Why did you make that decision?
A permanent position.
Isn't that what you were protesting for?
It's the table that the unnis set.
All I did was bring water. I don't have the right to lay my spoon on that table.
Those are spots that should go to people who staked their lives to protest from start to finish.
I had given up in the middle, using the excuse that I had to make a living.
Then other than those positions.
Do you have any thoughts of doing other work, such as a desk job?
Did you give this offer to the others as well?
No.
Then isn't this a corrupt offer of employment?
It's not illegal for me to hire people I want to work in my company.
Bringing in an incompetent person will be a problem.
What would someone who majored in piano do there?
I didn't even graduate from college, so in reality, I'm just a high school graduate.
Sunbae,
I don't have anything, and I don't have much to show for my life.
But that was probably why my heart was lighter.
I was busy just thinking about the future,
so I didn't have the time nor the need to reminisce on memories.
But after meeting you, my heart has become heavy again.
I keep looking behind me, so my footsteps become slower.
I wanted to leave those times that were pretty like flowers, just as they were.
But it feels like the sunbae who has changed is trampling all over those flowers, so I'm angry.
Then you shouldn't have left.
How can separation be pretty?
I still
don't understand why you left like that.
When sharing my pain, for me, it doesn't get halved, but rather becomes twice as painful.
Because I have to see the person I love being in pain.
Is there a bigger pain than separation from someone you love?
Ji Soo, I also don't reminisce about memories
because you were never just a memory to me.
You were like a heavy rock weighing down my heart,
a fishbone stuck in my throat. How can that become a memory?
Just leave it as a memory.
Just remember the good memories, I will do the same.
♫ Your ♫
June, 1994
♫ silence ♫
♫ has dried out my lips ♫
♫ As you turn away, I tell you ♫
♫ Goodbye, goodbye ♫
In the eyes of a music major, I'm pretty good, right?
I don't know much about guitars, but you seem like you can play quite well.
Then, should I play Revival for you?
Where's Sunbae Jae Hyeon?
- Are you curious?
- Yes.
Give me 500 won (≈ $0.50).
Okay.
Did he not tell you he's preparing for the elections these days?
Elections? Is he applying for student council president?
Not that, chief host of student council.
Chief Host?
I'm the one who's good at hosting events, though.
Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Ji Soo Yoon.
Is it really about being master of ceremony?
That's right. You know how people grab the mike when demonstrating?
So the Chief Host is a demonstrating position, originally.
Someone who hosts the event, while caring about society, hence a chief host.
(T/N: society and host are homonyms)
And he also has to "struggle for supplies," as well.
"Struggle for supplies?"
Supply struggle.
In other words, a part-time job.
With this, he earns money to pay for his travel expenses, his food, and campaign funds as well.
There wouldn't be much left.
That's carrot. (in English)
A carol?
No, carrot, "danggeun."
(T/N: 'danggeun' means carrot, but also "that goes without saying.")
The others all laugh so hard they fall to the ground.
But he would earn a lot more if he worked as a tutor.
The reason why he's doing that is so apparent.
That sunbae...
The Invincible Hwa Jin.
When she takes those riot squad fuzz one-on-one, she wins 100% of the time.
Her hobby is to steal their helmets,
so if you go to her house,
she uses them as buckets, or to store rice in.
She is a legendary female warrior.
So he's working there because of her?
No, let's do some thinking. Think.
If he works there, he can have secret rendezvous with the others and save time going to and fro.
It's "one hit, double blow," isn't it? (in English)
What is that?
One shot, two kills (kill two birds with one stone).
And that purist says that tutoring rich kids is like collaborating with capitalism, so that's why he hates it.
That tiresome punk.
He must be so tired.
Collection of Park No Hae's Poems: Labor's Morning
Are you happy that you're the only one feeling refreshed?
What?
This was broken earlier.
I can guess who came by.
Who came by?
You, why are you sleeping here?
Ah, because it's hot.
Isn't it so hot? The weather prediction says this is the hottest.
Stop fanning me. It's not refreshing at all.
Then don't do the part-time job at the front gate. It's so hot.
It's this hot,
but I'm not tired at all because of someone.
Today really is my birthday.
It's your birthday today?
It's not my birthday, but it feels as good as if it was my birthday.
When is your birthday?
On the 29th.
Of June.
There isn't much time left.
I know, right?
Nursing Ward
Where do you think this is? How dare you come here?
Get out right now!
You devoured her.
If it wasn't for you.
If it wasn't for you, she wouldn't have died!
Get out! Get out right now!
I said to get out!
Why is it because of me?
What did I do?
What could I have done? What should I have done?!
I know you need someone to resent.
I know you need someone to release your anger on, but please stop now!
It's not like she'll come back from the dead if you do this.
I know too.
I shouldn't have been born.
It really should have been that way.
If it weren't for that, everything would be fine...
Oh my, you're like this again.
Chief Prosecutor, it's okay.
Please don't cry, okay?
I bought the honey cookies that you like, so don't be mad anymore.
Why did you suddenly start talking back? You're usually such a kind daughter.
Notice of Admission
Name: Yoon Ji Soo - Major: Piano
The person mentioned above has passed the 1993 entrance exam to Yeon Hui University.
January 1993
So, what about it?
It says Ji Soo got accepted to university.
Is this a university?
Banging on a piano, are you proud to attend this school?
You are an embarrassment in front of our neighbors, so attend school quietly, as if you're dead.
I...
What do I have to do to be considered a person in this house?
I was born with nothing that you are pleased with, Dad.
Should I go back into Mom's womb?
Ji Soo.
Keep going, see if you dare.
Ji Yeong said she would go to law school at Seoul National University instead of me.
Then it's fine. You can hold your head high in front of your colleagues.
So you can stop now.
You can let me breathe now.
Because she hasn't gone yet.
Ji Yeong hasn't gone to university yet.
So don't even breathe.
Until our Ji Yeong goes to Seoul National University.
From Dad: I'm arriving in 30 minutes. Finish getting ready.
Yeong Min.
Yeong Min. Yeong Min.
Open the door.
Take Joon Seo back first. I can't just leave the child at the hospital.
Okay.
Yeong Min.
They say it's the flu.
It seems like he was sick and didn't eat properly,
so he is malnourished and dehydrated.
Oh, I see.
But, who are you?
My child is his friend, in the same class as Yeong Min.
What's your son's name? I know all of Yeong Min's friends.
Since his father arrived, I'm going to leave.
Goodbye.
Son of a bitch.
Toward: Seoul - Jecheon - Yeongju
Emergency Medical Center
How did you take care of him, that he would faint over the mere flu?
If you're going to be like this, I have no choice but to take back custody.
Try and take it, I'll rip you apart.
Such incredible maternal instinct.
But why did you take the father away from your son?
You can't take Yeong Min, I'm going to take him.
I'm sorry, but my mother is coming here.
Son.
Son, have you been well?
Yes.
You're so curt. As if anyone would think you're not your father's son.
Where's your dad?
- He's probably at school.
- Why?
That punk fainted.
That punk?
The one who threw the chair at me.
♫ Don't say anything ♫
♫ if it's about the past ♫
♫ In all our many stories ♫
♫ there are so many misunderstandings ♫
♫ Don't ask me  ♫
♫ if it's about the past ♫
♫ Whatever the answer is ♫
♫ I can’t tell you the truth ♫
♫ Just bury them in your heart ♫
♫ Words you wanted to say ♫
Please follow that bus.
♫ Even the scattered memories ♫
♫ We’ll see each other again ♫
♫ Give me a hug, then ♫
♫ Though I couldn't bring myself to do it today. ♫
Sleep well, Ji Soo.
♫ Do that instead of saying you're sorry. ♫
It's because of me, right?
The reason why you weren't happy all this time.
- Isn't it because you chose me?
- Seo Gyeong...
I always said this to my dad.
That you were the best decision of my life.
I'm thankful for that, so I'm doing my best.
You were the best for me, but to you, I was the best you could do.
- Seo Gyeong.
- Stop talking.
I understand everything, with the word "thankful."
Hyeong Seong
- She is working at the hotel.
- What work is she doing?
She plays the piano in the lounge.
- Jae Hyeon goes there often.
- Yes.
By chance, could she have been a gold digger from the start?
She started working a year ago, which was when the vice president was incarcerated.
Who knows? Maybe she visited him in prison.
But something special that she does performs with a  mask on her face.
Really?
So she doesn't want her face to become known, huh?
I need to put her in her place.
- Do you have time on Friday evening?
- Why?
There is going to be a private party in a suite room that day.
They asked for a piano performance, from you specifically.
- From me?
- Yes.
They asked specifically for the person who plays with a mask on.
- They said they like your performance the best.
- Who ist it?
A VVVIP client.
They said you'll find out who they are if you come that day.
The pay is twice the usual amount.
Since it's a party for this brand, they asked you to wear this.
They said you can just return it when it ends.
Such an expensive item.
What do I do if something bad happens to it.
Oh, I'm sure nothing will happen.
You're going to come, right?
No.
It's a command from your boss (me).
It's not just a party, but a showcase for our brand.
I know that I don't have to go.
Things such as having influencers taking pictures to upload it onto their SNS,
global top brands do all those things too.
Does it make sense for the president to go to this event, but for the vice president not to?
Seo Gyeong.
Can you not even do this much for me?
You can spend a whole day at the ER for someone else's son,
but you can't spend just two hours for your wife.
Is that what you call doing your best?
Even if I'm not smart, my intuition is good.
I said that I love you, how can you reply that you're thankful?
And why didn't you say you're sorry?
Live the rest of your life apologizing to me.
- Oh my, it's been a long time.
- Hello.
- It has been a long time, hasn't it?
- Thank you for coming.
Jae Hyeon, where are you?
Okay, come quickly.
Drink this as you perform.
You can't put the drink here. Oh no!
Oh no, are you okay? Oh no, what do we do?
Are you okay?
Please wait a moment.
Please continue to perform. The music can't stop.
The dress costs several times more than your pay,
so I'll just give you the dress.
Instead, I wish you could take off your mask.
Since you spilled red wine, of all things, it looks a bit grotesque.
September, 1994
- Oh, girl. You look disgustingly pretty.
- Right?
Thank you.
- Where are your parents?
- I didn't ask them to come.
- Why?
- Because this is nothing big.
What do you mean nothing big?
You are performing after scoring first at this difficult competition.
They wouldn't have come even if I asked them to.
No way.
There isn't much time left until Ji Yeong's college entrance exams.
Seriously, they're quite amazing. What about him?
He said he'll come after the rally.
Does the world collapse if he misses one rally?
They said it's a rally that won't work without him.
Those damned rallies.
He can't even protect his own girlfriend. How does he think he can protect the world?
A world he protects that way must be so beautiful. What a joke!
Oh, this makes me so angry.
Stop smiling.
Sorry.
It's okay.
- Where's your family?
- Ah...
That question again.
Ji Soo.
I didn't ask them to come.
Why?
Because I won't see them in the future anymore.
What are you saying?
You taught me, Sunbae.
To not let anyone treat me poorly.
Because I am a very precious child of God.
I will not perform.
Why? Because your face has been revealed?
No, because this is a pearl necklace hung around a swine's neck.
What?
I'm saying that it's a waste of my luxurious performance to perform at such a tacky party
that is only about showing off money.
(T/N: she switched to informal speech)
I'll be the one to pay for this dress.
(T/N: informal speech)
I'm not going to take it anymore.
Getting hit by my father.
Why did you get hit?
I got caught listening to pop music.
He said that playing the piano is already laughable, and now I'm listening to entertainers' music.
So he got mad and threw the radio.
Sunbae.
I want to see the ocean.
Where do you think this is?
How dare you come here?
You devoured her.
If it wasn't for you.
If it wasn't for you, she wouldn't have died!
Get out! Get out right now!
I said to get out!
I'm sorry, Ji Soo.
I'm sorry.
Sunbae.
Why did I have to be the one to survive?
To be alive is a sin and a debt.
So I can't ever be happy
and I can't ever complain.
Even if I live every day not having the time to sit down,
be it the price of my sin or my debt,
none of it becomes any smaller.
Now,
I really want to rest.
I want to let everything go.
It's so romantic.
- Is it your first time riding a train?
- Yes.
But are we not going to eat eggs? What about soda?
They sell boxed meals while going back and forth with a cart here, right?
♫ Someday, we'll probably ♫
♫ remember, right? ♫
♫ In another memory  ♫
♫ the promise we hid away ♫
♫ We were drunk on an exciting love at the time, with everything passing us by ♫
♫  It must feel cold and lonely because those insignificant days were inelegant  ♫
♫ But it suddenly comes, the longing that is called "you" ♫
♫ If we can go back to that time, I would tell you everything ♫
♫ To that day, to that time, if we could go back ♫
♫ I could convey it all with just one embrace ♫
♫ If that day, if that time, even once it passes ♫
♫ Then it becomes tomorrow, no longer a memory ♫
I...
I think that to those who survived, there is a reason for their living.
That it's because there are things that only you can do in this world.
So you being alive may be a blessing to us.
So Ji Soo, you can do it all.
You can rest, you can cry.
If you're having a hard time, you don't have to grit your teeth and endure it.
Because I'll be by your side.
Why would you be by my side?
I should be in my place, and you should be in your place.
That's right.
Anyone would know that this was just an escape.
And even for a first love, we cannot justify an inappropriate relationship.
But why can't I turn away from you?
Why can't I leave us in my memories?
I kept thinking about it.
And I found that the answer was in our past.
You said this.
Your belief,
your world is me.
There was something I couldn't say at the time.
To me, you were my dream.
Now that I'm again facing the dream I had lost,
I found myself unable to throw it away
nor run away.
Because that's what a dream is.
Because it's a dream.
Because you'll wake up from it soon.
♫ Spring is blossoming in our hearts ♫
♫ My fluttering heart waits for you ♫
♫ Our fluttering gazes ♫
When My Love Blooms -  Preview
Just a dream. Because it's all a dream.
You do know, don't you? That I've been with another man, too?
So don't be so serious about it.
They say that there are people who meet again in the end, no matter how.
That black car behind us? How long has it been following us?
The thing I'm most afraid of, is that person being ruined because of me.
I decided to avoid the thing I was most afraid of.
♫ Our hearts are colored with autumn ♫